feat(docs): Add local dev setup for API docs (#249)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/docs/api.mdx

We use [Open API Spec 3](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/about/) to write our API documentation. You can find that content here: [https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/tree/master/api-docs.](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/tree/master/api-docs) You can find the tests here: [https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/tree/master/tests/apidocs](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/tree/master/tests/apidocs).

### Local development

In `sentry`:

> 1. Run `yarn run watch-api-docs`. This command will build a file `tests/apidocs/openapi-derefed.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `yarn run watch-api-docs`. This command will watch API docs files and continuously build an intermediate asset `tests/apidocs/openapi-derefed.json`.
```
